The last difference that we'll talk about when it comes to constantly variables versus the VAR variable
is how they behave in the global scope.
Now we've kind of covered this before but whenever I make a variable let's say we make a string and
said equal to a random string and I'm going uncomment this out.
We already know that when I define a variable on the global scope that variable then becomes a part
of the global object which of course depends on the context in which your program is running.
But since we're in the browser or the Global Object is going to be the window.
So now let's say we go ahead and cancel the log or something like window docstring.
Now this is actually already a built in property of the global object and you can see that it actually
shows the native code right here.
But if I comment in this variable declaration right here you'll see that I completely override the original
property of the global object because when I use the VAR keyword and make a variable in the global scope
it makes a new property on the global object or overrides a previously defined property of the global
object.
However if I do this with a variable like so you're going to see that instead of actually overriding
this global property it chateaus it which just means that they're never going to be the same and the
left as well as the Consta variable are not going to override each other.
And I can prove this to you by doing a check to see if they're equal to each other and you're going
to see they're not equal to each other.
And then if I do like a cancelled out log regular string and compare that to something like this window
docstring right here which is stored on a global object you'll see that one is native code and one is
the code that I defined for my object.
So in other words it's a great way to make sure that you're not overriding global properties of the
global object.
With that being said you may still want to use the VAR keyword to create a variable in the global scope.
If for example you're working with multiple frames or multiple windows and you want to be able to access
code across those frames and across those windows.
So in other words there still might be a use for the VAR keyword even though we have left and Konst
available to us now.